\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats > out/lsp_bootstrap_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx101tnm/g' out/lsp_bootstrap_dats_out0.js > out/lsp_bootstrap_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/diagnostic20.dats > out/diagnostic20_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx102tnm/g' out/diagnostic20_dats_out0.js > out/diagnostic20_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats > out/diagnostic20_decl_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(353(line=13,offs=5)--374(line=13,offs=26)):D2Perrck(1;D2Pdapp(D2Pvar(list_cons(11927));-1;$list(D2Pvar(d2c1(11928)),D2Pvar(d2cs(11929)))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(314(line=11,offs=3)--815(line=28,offs=8)):D2Eerrck(1;D2Ecas0(...))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(244(line=10,offs=1)--815(line=28,offs=8)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(diagnostic20_d2conlst(10172));$list(D2FUNDCL(diagnostic20_d2conlst(11924);$list(F2ARGdapp(-1;$list(D2Pannot(D2Pvar(out(11925));S1Eid0(diagnostics);S2Ecst(diagnostics)),D2Pannot(D2Pvar(d2cs(11926));S1Eid0(d2conlst);S2Ecst(d2conlst)))));S2RESsome(S2EFFnone();S2Ecst(void));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Eerrck(1;D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D2Evar(d2cs(11926));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(list_nil(8));-1;$list()));D2Etup0(-1;$list())),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Perrck(1;D2Pdapp(D2Pvar(list_cons(11927));-1;$list(D2Pvar(d2c1(11928)),D2Pvar(d2cs(11929))))));D2Elet0($list(D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(loc1(11930));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lctn);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3fundcl_get_lctn(5840)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3vardcl_get_lctn(5839)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3valdcl_get_lctn(5838)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3ecl_get_lctn(5830)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3cls_get_lctn(5813)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gpt_get_lctn(5811)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gua_get_lctn(5809)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f3arg_get_lctn(5803)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_get_lctn(5793)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_get_lctn(5780)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cstdcl_get_lctn(5738)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2fundcl_get_lctn(5737)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2vardcl_get_lctn(5736)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2valdcl_get_lctn(5735)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2arg_get_lctn(5724)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(dimpl_get_lctn(5718)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(simpl_get_lctn(5715)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2ecl_get_lctn(5710)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cls_get_lctn(5701)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gpt_get_lctn(5699)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gua_get_lctn(5697)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f2arg_get_lctn(5691)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_get_lctn(5666)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_get_lctn(5643)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2jag_get_lctn(5634)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2iag_get_lctn(5631)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2qag_get_lctn(5629)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2qag_get_lctn(5627)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_get_lctn(5612)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_get_lctn(5595)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_get_lctn(5579)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_get_lctn(5489)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cstdcl_get_lctn(5299)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1fundcl_get_lctn(5282)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1vardcl_get_lctn(5281)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1valdcl_get_lctn(5280)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1arg_get_lctn(5272)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a1typ_get_lctn(5271)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1ecl_get_lctn(5264)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1iag_get_lctn(5258)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qag_get_lctn(5250)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qag_get_lctn(5249)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q1arg_get_lctn(5248)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1exp_get_lctn(5240)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cls_get_lctn(5229)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gpt_get_lctn(5227)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gua_get_lctn(5225)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1unarrw_get_lctn(5221)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1inv_get_lctn(5220)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qua_get_lctn(5219)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1arg_get_lctn(5216)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1pat_get_lctn(5210)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1typ_get_lctn(5204)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tcn_get_lctn(5200)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1uni_get_lctn(5196)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qua_get_lctn(5192)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1mag_get_lctn(5188)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1arg_get_lctn(5184)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1mag_get_lctn(5180)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1arg_get_lctn(5176)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tdf_get_lctn(5172)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tst_get_lctn(5168)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tcn_get_lctn(5164)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l1s1e_get_lctn(5157)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1exp_get_lctn(5156)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort1_get_lctn(5150)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1qid_get_lctn(5146)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qid_get_lctn(5145)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1mag_get_lctn(5140)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1arg_get_lctn(5139)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1exp_get_lctn(5132)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cstdcl_get_lctn(5070)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0fundcl_get_lctn(5053)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0vardcl_get_lctn(5052)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0valdcl_get_lctn(5051)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0arg_get_lctn(5042)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a0typ_get_lctn(5041)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0ecl_get_lctn(5036)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0iag_get_lctn(5025)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qag_get_lctn(5020)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qag_get_lctn(5018)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q0arg_get_lctn(5013)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0inv_get_lctn(5006)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qua_get_lctn(5005)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cls_get_lctn(4998)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0exp_get_lctn(4997)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f0arg_get_lctn(4976)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0pat_get_lctn(4975)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0typ_get_lctn(4966)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tcn_get_lctn(4963)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0uni_get_lctn(4960)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0s0e_get_lctn(4952)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0exp_get_lctn(4951)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qua_get_lctn(4945)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0mag_get_lctn(4941)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0arg_get_lctn(4938)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0mag_get_lctn(4933)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0arg_get_lctn(4930)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tdf_get_lctn(4925)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tst_get_lctn(4921)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tcn_get_lctn(4917)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort0_get_lctn(4913)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0qid_get_lctn(4909)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qid_get_lctn(4908)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0mag_get_lctn(4905)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0exp_get_lctn(4902)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0nam_get_lctn(4899)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0ymb_get_lctn(4889)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0abl_get_lctn(4883)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(i0dnt_get_lctn(4881)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0str_get_lctn(4875)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0flt_get_lctn(4874)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0chr_get_lctn(4873)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0int_get_lctn(4872)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(token_get_lctn(4840)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(d2c1(11928)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(t2p1(11931));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(styp);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_set_styp(5796)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_get_styp(5795)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_set_styp(5783)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_get_styp(5782)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_set_styp(5672)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_get_styp(5671)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_set_styp(5649)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_get_styp(5648)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_set_styp(5619)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_get_styp(5617)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_set_styp(5604)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_get_styp(5600)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_set_styp(5589)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_get_styp(5584)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_set_styp(5492)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_get_styp(5491)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_set_styp(5373)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_get_styp(5371)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(d2c1(11928)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(lsrc(11932));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lsrc);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(loctn_get_lsrc(4803)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11930))));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCnone0(71));-1;$list()));D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCsome1(72));-1;$list(D2Pvar(str(11933)))));D2Evar(str(11933))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCfpath(73));-1;$list(D2Pvar(path(11934)))));D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(fnm1);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(fpath_get_fnm1(4779)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(path(11934))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(d(11935));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Ecst(diagnostic_make(10168));-1;$list(D2Edapp(D2Ecst(severity_error$make(10161));-1;$list()),D2Edapp(D2Ecst(range_of_loctn(8071));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11930)))),D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2conlst";23)),D2Evar(lsrc(11932)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Ptup0(-1;$list());TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(push);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(10169)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(8073)))));-1;$optn($list(D2Evar(d(11935)))));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11925)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))));D2Edapp(D2Evar(diagnostic20_d2conlst(11924));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11925)),D2Evar(d2cs(11929))))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(244(line=10,offs=1)--815(line=28,offs=8)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(diagnostic20_d2conlst(10172));$list(D2FUNDCL(diagnostic20_d2conlst(11924);$list(F2ARGdapp(-1;$list(D2Pannot(D2Pvar(out(11925));S1Eid0(diagnostics);S2Ecst(diagnostics)),D2Pannot(D2Pvar(d2cs(11926));S1Eid0(d2conlst);S2Ecst(d2conlst)))));S2RESsome(S2EFFnone();S2Ecst(void));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Eerrck(1;D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D2Evar(d2cs(11926));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(list_nil(8));-1;$list()));D2Etup0(-1;$list())),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Perrck(1;D2Pdapp(D2Pvar(list_cons(11927));-1;$list(D2Pvar(d2c1(11928)),D2Pvar(d2cs(11929))))));D2Elet0($list(D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(loc1(11930));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lctn);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3fundcl_get_lctn(5840)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3vardcl_get_lctn(5839)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3valdcl_get_lctn(5838)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3ecl_get_lctn(5830)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3cls_get_lctn(5813)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gpt_get_lctn(5811)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gua_get_lctn(5809)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f3arg_get_lctn(5803)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_get_lctn(5793)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_get_lctn(5780)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cstdcl_get_lctn(5738)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2fundcl_get_lctn(5737)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2vardcl_get_lctn(5736)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2valdcl_get_lctn(5735)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2arg_get_lctn(5724)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(dimpl_get_lctn(5718)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(simpl_get_lctn(5715)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2ecl_get_lctn(5710)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cls_get_lctn(5701)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gpt_get_lctn(5699)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gua_get_lctn(5697)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f2arg_get_lctn(5691)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_get_lctn(5666)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_get_lctn(5643)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2jag_get_lctn(5634)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2iag_get_lctn(5631)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2qag_get_lctn(5629)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2qag_get_lctn(5627)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_get_lctn(5612)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_get_lctn(5595)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_get_lctn(5579)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_get_lctn(5489)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cstdcl_get_lctn(5299)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1fundcl_get_lctn(5282)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1vardcl_get_lctn(5281)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1valdcl_get_lctn(5280)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1arg_get_lctn(5272)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a1typ_get_lctn(5271)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1ecl_get_lctn(5264)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1iag_get_lctn(5258)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qag_get_lctn(5250)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qag_get_lctn(5249)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q1arg_get_lctn(5248)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1exp_get_lctn(5240)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cls_get_lctn(5229)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gpt_get_lctn(5227)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gua_get_lctn(5225)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1unarrw_get_lctn(5221)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1inv_get_lctn(5220)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qua_get_lctn(5219)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1arg_get_lctn(5216)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1pat_get_lctn(5210)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1typ_get_lctn(5204)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tcn_get_lctn(5200)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1uni_get_lctn(5196)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qua_get_lctn(5192)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1mag_get_lctn(5188)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1arg_get_lctn(5184)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1mag_get_lctn(5180)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1arg_get_lctn(5176)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tdf_get_lctn(5172)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tst_get_lctn(5168)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tcn_get_lctn(5164)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l1s1e_get_lctn(5157)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1exp_get_lctn(5156)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort1_get_lctn(5150)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1qid_get_lctn(5146)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qid_get_lctn(5145)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1mag_get_lctn(5140)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1arg_get_lctn(5139)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1exp_get_lctn(5132)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cstdcl_get_lctn(5070)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0fundcl_get_lctn(5053)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0vardcl_get_lctn(5052)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0valdcl_get_lctn(5051)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0arg_get_lctn(5042)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a0typ_get_lctn(5041)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0ecl_get_lctn(5036)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0iag_get_lctn(5025)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qag_get_lctn(5020)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qag_get_lctn(5018)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q0arg_get_lctn(5013)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0inv_get_lctn(5006)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qua_get_lctn(5005)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cls_get_lctn(4998)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0exp_get_lctn(4997)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f0arg_get_lctn(4976)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0pat_get_lctn(4975)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0typ_get_lctn(4966)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tcn_get_lctn(4963)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0uni_get_lctn(4960)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0s0e_get_lctn(4952)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0exp_get_lctn(4951)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qua_get_lctn(4945)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0mag_get_lctn(4941)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0arg_get_lctn(4938)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0mag_get_lctn(4933)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0arg_get_lctn(4930)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tdf_get_lctn(4925)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tst_get_lctn(4921)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tcn_get_lctn(4917)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort0_get_lctn(4913)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0qid_get_lctn(4909)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qid_get_lctn(4908)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0mag_get_lctn(4905)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0exp_get_lctn(4902)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0nam_get_lctn(4899)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0ymb_get_lctn(4889)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0abl_get_lctn(4883)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(i0dnt_get_lctn(4881)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0str_get_lctn(4875)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0flt_get_lctn(4874)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0chr_get_lctn(4873)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0int_get_lctn(4872)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(token_get_lctn(4840)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(d2c1(11928)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(t2p1(11931));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(styp);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_set_styp(5796)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_get_styp(5795)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_set_styp(5783)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_get_styp(5782)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_set_styp(5672)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_get_styp(5671)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_set_styp(5649)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_get_styp(5648)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_set_styp(5619)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_get_styp(5617)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_set_styp(5604)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_get_styp(5600)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_set_styp(5589)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_get_styp(5584)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_set_styp(5492)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_get_styp(5491)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_set_styp(5373)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_get_styp(5371)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(d2c1(11928)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(lsrc(11932));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lsrc);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(loctn_get_lsrc(4803)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11930))));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCnone0(71));-1;$list()));D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCsome1(72));-1;$list(D2Pvar(str(11933)))));D2Evar(str(11933))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCfpath(73));-1;$list(D2Pvar(path(11934)))));D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(fnm1);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(fpath_get_fnm1(4779)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(path(11934))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(d(11935));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Ecst(diagnostic_make(10168));-1;$list(D2Edapp(D2Ecst(severity_error$make(10161));-1;$list()),D2Edapp(D2Ecst(range_of_loctn(8071));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11930)))),D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2conlst";23)),D2Evar(lsrc(11932)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Ptup0(-1;$list());TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(push);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(10169)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(8073)))));-1;$optn($list(D2Evar(d(11935)))));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11925)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))));D2Edapp(D2Evar(diagnostic20_d2conlst(11924));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11925)),D2Evar(d2cs(11929))))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(926(line=33,offs=5)--947(line=33,offs=26)):D2Perrck(1;D2Pdapp(D2Pvar(list_cons(11939));-1;$list(D2Pvar(s2c1(11940)),D2Pvar(s2cs(11941)))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(887(line=31,offs=3)--1562(line=54,offs=8)):D2Eerrck(1;D2Ecas0(...))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(817(line=30,offs=1)--1562(line=54,offs=8)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(diagnostic20_s2cstlst(10173));$list(D2FUNDCL(diagnostic20_s2cstlst(11936);$list(F2ARGdapp(-1;$list(D2Pannot(D2Pvar(out(11937));S1Eid0(diagnostics);S2Ecst(diagnostics)),D2Pannot(D2Pvar(s2cs(11938));S1Eid0(s2cstlst);S2Ecst(s2cstlst)))));S2RESsome(S2EFFnone();S2Ecst(void));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Eerrck(1;D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D2Evar(s2cs(11938));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(list_nil(8));-1;$list()));D2Etup0(-1;$list())),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Perrck(1;D2Pdapp(D2Pvar(list_cons(11939));-1;$list(D2Pvar(s2c1(11940)),D2Pvar(s2cs(11941))))));D2Elet0($list(D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(loc1(11942));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lctn);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3fundcl_get_lctn(5840)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3vardcl_get_lctn(5839)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3valdcl_get_lctn(5838)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3ecl_get_lctn(5830)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3cls_get_lctn(5813)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gpt_get_lctn(5811)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gua_get_lctn(5809)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f3arg_get_lctn(5803)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_get_lctn(5793)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_get_lctn(5780)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cstdcl_get_lctn(5738)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2fundcl_get_lctn(5737)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2vardcl_get_lctn(5736)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2valdcl_get_lctn(5735)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2arg_get_lctn(5724)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(dimpl_get_lctn(5718)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(simpl_get_lctn(5715)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2ecl_get_lctn(5710)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cls_get_lctn(5701)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gpt_get_lctn(5699)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gua_get_lctn(5697)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f2arg_get_lctn(5691)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_get_lctn(5666)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_get_lctn(5643)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2jag_get_lctn(5634)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2iag_get_lctn(5631)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2qag_get_lctn(5629)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2qag_get_lctn(5627)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_get_lctn(5612)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_get_lctn(5595)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_get_lctn(5579)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_get_lctn(5489)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cstdcl_get_lctn(5299)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1fundcl_get_lctn(5282)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1vardcl_get_lctn(5281)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1valdcl_get_lctn(5280)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1arg_get_lctn(5272)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a1typ_get_lctn(5271)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1ecl_get_lctn(5264)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1iag_get_lctn(5258)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qag_get_lctn(5250)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qag_get_lctn(5249)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q1arg_get_lctn(5248)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1exp_get_lctn(5240)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cls_get_lctn(5229)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gpt_get_lctn(5227)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gua_get_lctn(5225)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1unarrw_get_lctn(5221)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1inv_get_lctn(5220)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qua_get_lctn(5219)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1arg_get_lctn(5216)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1pat_get_lctn(5210)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1typ_get_lctn(5204)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tcn_get_lctn(5200)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1uni_get_lctn(5196)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qua_get_lctn(5192)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1mag_get_lctn(5188)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1arg_get_lctn(5184)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1mag_get_lctn(5180)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1arg_get_lctn(5176)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tdf_get_lctn(5172)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tst_get_lctn(5168)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tcn_get_lctn(5164)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l1s1e_get_lctn(5157)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1exp_get_lctn(5156)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort1_get_lctn(5150)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1qid_get_lctn(5146)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qid_get_lctn(5145)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1mag_get_lctn(5140)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1arg_get_lctn(5139)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1exp_get_lctn(5132)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cstdcl_get_lctn(5070)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0fundcl_get_lctn(5053)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0vardcl_get_lctn(5052)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0valdcl_get_lctn(5051)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0arg_get_lctn(5042)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a0typ_get_lctn(5041)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0ecl_get_lctn(5036)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0iag_get_lctn(5025)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qag_get_lctn(5020)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qag_get_lctn(5018)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q0arg_get_lctn(5013)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0inv_get_lctn(5006)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qua_get_lctn(5005)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cls_get_lctn(4998)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0exp_get_lctn(4997)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f0arg_get_lctn(4976)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0pat_get_lctn(4975)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0typ_get_lctn(4966)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tcn_get_lctn(4963)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0uni_get_lctn(4960)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0s0e_get_lctn(4952)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0exp_get_lctn(4951)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qua_get_lctn(4945)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0mag_get_lctn(4941)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0arg_get_lctn(4938)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0mag_get_lctn(4933)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0arg_get_lctn(4930)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tdf_get_lctn(4925)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tst_get_lctn(4921)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tcn_get_lctn(4917)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort0_get_lctn(4913)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0qid_get_lctn(4909)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qid_get_lctn(4908)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0mag_get_lctn(4905)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0exp_get_lctn(4902)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0nam_get_lctn(4899)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0ymb_get_lctn(4889)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0abl_get_lctn(4883)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(i0dnt_get_lctn(4881)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0str_get_lctn(4875)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0flt_get_lctn(4874)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0chr_get_lctn(4873)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0int_get_lctn(4872)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(token_get_lctn(4840)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(s2c1(11940)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(s2t1(11943));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(sort);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l2t2p_get_sort(5523)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2typ_get_sort(5522)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l2s2e_get_sort(5399)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2exp_get_sort(5398)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2arg_get_sort(5393)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2var_set_sort(5381)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2var_get_sort(5379)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_get_sort(5368)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(s2c1(11940)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(opt1(11944));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(d2cs);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_set_d2cs(5730)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_get_d2cs(5729)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(s2c1(11940)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(lsrc(11945));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lsrc);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(loctn_get_lsrc(4803)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11942))));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCnone0(71));-1;$list()));D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCsome1(72));-1;$list(D2Pvar(str(11946)))));D2Evar(str(11946))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCfpath(73));-1;$list(D2Pvar(path(11947)))));D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(fnm1);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(fpath_get_fnm1(4779)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(path(11947))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(d(11948));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Ecst(diagnostic_make(10168));-1;$list(D2Edapp(D2Ecst(severity_error$make(10161));-1;$list()),D2Edapp(D2Ecst(range_of_loctn(8071));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11942)))),D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2conlst";23)),D2Evar(lsrc(11945)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Ptup0(-1;$list());TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(push);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(10169)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(8073)))));-1;$optn($list(D2Evar(d(11948)))));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11937)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Ptup0(-1;$list());TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D2Evar(opt1(11944));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pfree(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(optn_vt_nil(6));-1;$list())));D2Etup0(-1;$list())),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pfree(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(optn_vt_cons(7));-1;$list(D2Pvar(d2cs(11949))))));D2Edapp(D2Evar(diagnostic20_d2conlst(11924));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11937)),D2Evar(d2cs(11949))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))));D2Edapp(D2Evar(diagnostic20_s2cstlst(11936));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11937)),D2Evar(s2cs(11941))))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(817(line=30,offs=1)--1562(line=54,offs=8)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(diagnostic20_s2cstlst(10173));$list(D2FUNDCL(diagnostic20_s2cstlst(11936);$list(F2ARGdapp(-1;$list(D2Pannot(D2Pvar(out(11937));S1Eid0(diagnostics);S2Ecst(diagnostics)),D2Pannot(D2Pvar(s2cs(11938));S1Eid0(s2cstlst);S2Ecst(s2cstlst)))));S2RESsome(S2EFFnone();S2Ecst(void));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Eerrck(1;D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D2Evar(s2cs(11938));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(list_nil(8));-1;$list()));D2Etup0(-1;$list())),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Perrck(1;D2Pdapp(D2Pvar(list_cons(11939));-1;$list(D2Pvar(s2c1(11940)),D2Pvar(s2cs(11941))))));D2Elet0($list(D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(loc1(11942));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lctn);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3fundcl_get_lctn(5840)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3vardcl_get_lctn(5839)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3valdcl_get_lctn(5838)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3ecl_get_lctn(5830)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3cls_get_lctn(5813)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gpt_get_lctn(5811)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3gua_get_lctn(5809)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f3arg_get_lctn(5803)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3exp_get_lctn(5793)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d3pat_get_lctn(5780)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cstdcl_get_lctn(5738)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2fundcl_get_lctn(5737)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2vardcl_get_lctn(5736)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2valdcl_get_lctn(5735)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2arg_get_lctn(5724)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(dimpl_get_lctn(5718)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(simpl_get_lctn(5715)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2ecl_get_lctn(5710)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cls_get_lctn(5701)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gpt_get_lctn(5699)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2gua_get_lctn(5697)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f2arg_get_lctn(5691)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2exp_get_lctn(5666)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2pat_get_lctn(5643)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2jag_get_lctn(5634)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2iag_get_lctn(5631)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t2qag_get_lctn(5629)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2qag_get_lctn(5627)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2var_get_lctn(5612)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2cst_get_lctn(5595)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d2con_get_lctn(5579)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(x2t2p_get_lctn(5489)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cstdcl_get_lctn(5299)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1fundcl_get_lctn(5282)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1vardcl_get_lctn(5281)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1valdcl_get_lctn(5280)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1arg_get_lctn(5272)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a1typ_get_lctn(5271)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1ecl_get_lctn(5264)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1iag_get_lctn(5258)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qag_get_lctn(5250)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qag_get_lctn(5249)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q1arg_get_lctn(5248)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1exp_get_lctn(5240)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1cls_get_lctn(5229)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gpt_get_lctn(5227)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1gua_get_lctn(5225)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1unarrw_get_lctn(5221)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1inv_get_lctn(5220)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1qua_get_lctn(5219)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f1arg_get_lctn(5216)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1pat_get_lctn(5210)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1typ_get_lctn(5204)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tcn_get_lctn(5200)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1uni_get_lctn(5196)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qua_get_lctn(5192)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1mag_get_lctn(5188)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t1arg_get_lctn(5184)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1mag_get_lctn(5180)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1arg_get_lctn(5176)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tdf_get_lctn(5172)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1tst_get_lctn(5168)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1tcn_get_lctn(5164)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l1s1e_get_lctn(5157)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1exp_get_lctn(5156)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort1_get_lctn(5150)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d1qid_get_lctn(5146)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s1qid_get_lctn(5145)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1mag_get_lctn(5140)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1arg_get_lctn(5139)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g1exp_get_lctn(5132)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cstdcl_get_lctn(5070)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0fundcl_get_lctn(5053)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0vardcl_get_lctn(5052)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0valdcl_get_lctn(5051)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0arg_get_lctn(5042)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(a0typ_get_lctn(5041)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0ecl_get_lctn(5036)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0iag_get_lctn(5025)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qag_get_lctn(5020)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qag_get_lctn(5018)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(q0arg_get_lctn(5013)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0inv_get_lctn(5006)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0qua_get_lctn(5005)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0cls_get_lctn(4998)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0exp_get_lctn(4997)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(f0arg_get_lctn(4976)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0pat_get_lctn(4975)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0typ_get_lctn(4966)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tcn_get_lctn(4963)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0uni_get_lctn(4960)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0s0e_get_lctn(4952)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0exp_get_lctn(4951)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qua_get_lctn(4945)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0mag_get_lctn(4941)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0arg_get_lctn(4938)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0mag_get_lctn(4933)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0arg_get_lctn(4930)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tdf_get_lctn(4925)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0tst_get_lctn(4921)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0tcn_get_lctn(4917)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(sort0_get_lctn(4913)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(d0qid_get_lctn(4909)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0qid_get_lctn(4908)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0mag_get_lctn(4905)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0exp_get_lctn(4902)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(g0nam_get_lctn(4899)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s0ymb_get_lctn(4889)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l0abl_get_lctn(4883)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(i0dnt_get_lctn(4881)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0str_get_lctn(4875)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0flt_get_lctn(4874)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0chr_get_lctn(4873)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(t0int_get_lctn(4872)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(token_get_lctn(4840)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(s2c1(11940)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(s2t1(11943));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(sort);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l2t2p_get_sort(5523)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2typ_get_sort(5522)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(l2s2e_get_sort(5399)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2exp_get_sort(5398)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2arg_get_sort(5393)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2var_set_sort(5381)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2var_get_sort(5379)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_get_sort(5368)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(s2c1(11940)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(opt1(11944));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(d2cs);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_set_d2cs(5730)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(s2cst_get_d2cs(5729)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(s2c1(11940)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(lsrc(11945));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(lsrc);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(loctn_get_lsrc(4803)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11942))));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCnone0(71));-1;$list()));D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCsome1(72));-1;$list(D2Pvar(str(11946)))));D2Evar(str(11946))),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(LCSRCfpath(73));-1;$list(D2Pvar(path(11947)))));D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(fnm1);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(fpath_get_fnm1(4779)))));-1;$optn($list()));-1;$list(D2Evar(path(11947))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Pvar(d(11948));TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Ecst(diagnostic_make(10168));-1;$list(D2Edapp(D2Ecst(severity_error$make(10161));-1;$list()),D2Edapp(D2Ecst(range_of_loctn(8071));-1;$list(D2Evar(loc1(11942)))),D2Estr(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2conlst";23)),D2Evar(lsrc(11945)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Ptup0(-1;$list());TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Edapp(D2Edtsel(T_DOT();LABsym(push);$list(D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(10169)))),D2PTMsome(0;D2ITMcst($list(diagnostics_push(8073)))));-1;$optn($list(D2Evar(d(11948)))));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11937)))));WTHS2EXPnone()))),D2Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D2VALDCL(D2Ptup0(-1;$list());TEQD2EXPsome(T_EQ0();D2Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D2Evar(opt1(11944));$list(D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pfree(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(optn_vt_nil(6));-1;$list())));D2Etup0(-1;$list())),D2CLScls(D2GPTpat(D2Pfree(D2Pdapp(D2Pcon(optn_vt_cons(7));-1;$list(D2Pvar(d2cs(11949))))));D2Edapp(D2Evar(diagnostic20_d2conlst(11924));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11937)),D2Evar(d2cs(11949))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))));D2Edapp(D2Evar(diagnostic20_s2cstlst(11936));-1;$list(D2Evar(out(11937)),D2Evar(s2cs(11941))))))))));WTHS2EXPnone()))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(3683(line=120,offs=1)--3900(line=127,offs=10)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Cimplmnt0(T_IMPLMNT(IMPLfun);$list();$list();D0QIDnone(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl)));$list();$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESnone();T_EQ0();D0Eerrck(4;D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eerrck(3;D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons2(T_SMCLN();$list(D0Eerrck(2;D0Eift0(T_IF0();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDSYM(>))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(DIAGNOSTIC20_ERRVL))))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));d0exp_THEN(T_THEN();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())));d0exp_ELSE_some(T_ELSE();D0Eerrck(1;D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list();T_VAL(VLKval)))))));T_VAL(VLKval))))))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(1564(line=56,offs=1)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Clocal0(T_LOCAL();$list(D0Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(D0FUNDCL(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain));$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostics)))),D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2ecl)))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESsome(S0EFFnone(T_CLN());S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(void))));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cthen0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Celse1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstatic))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cextern))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Clocal0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cabssort))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstacst0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2t2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csortdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sym1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2tx))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csexpdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2e2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cinclude))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(knd0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(gsrc))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(fopt))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclistopt))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvaldclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2valdclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvardclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2vardclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cfundclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2fundclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cimplmnt0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dimp))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tias))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sres))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_f2arglst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2exp))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cexcptcon))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2conlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cdatatype))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_s2cstlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1ecl_fpemsg))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone2))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: loc0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: dcl0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list(D0Cerrck(1;D0Cimplmnt0(T_IMPLMNT(IMPLfun);$list();$list();D0QIDnone(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl)));$list();$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESnone();T_EQ0();D0Eerrck(4;D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eerrck(3;D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons2(T_SMCLN();$list(D0Eerrck(2;D0Eift0(T_IF0();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDSYM(>))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(DIAGNOSTIC20_ERRVL))))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));d0exp_THEN(T_THEN();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())));d0exp_ELSE_some(T_ELSE();D0Eerrck(1;D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list();T_VAL(VLKval)))))));T_VAL(VLKval)))))))))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lsrc));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCnone0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCsome1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCfpath))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(fnm1));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic_make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(severity_warn$make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(range_of_loctn))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl";20))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));T_IN0()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(1564(line=56,offs=1)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Clocal0(T_LOCAL();$list(D0Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(D0FUNDCL(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain));$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostics)))),D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2ecl)))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESsome(S0EFFnone(T_CLN());S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(void))));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cthen0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Celse1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstatic))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cextern))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Clocal0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cabssort))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstacst0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2t2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csortdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sym1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2tx))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csexpdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2e2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cinclude))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(knd0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(gsrc))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(fopt))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclistopt))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvaldclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2valdclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvardclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2vardclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cfundclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2fundclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cimplmnt0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dimp))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tias))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sres))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_f2arglst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2exp))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cexcptcon))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2conlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cdatatype))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_s2cstlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1ecl_fpemsg))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone2))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: loc0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: dcl0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list(D0Cerrck(1;D0Cimplmnt0(T_IMPLMNT(IMPLfun);$list();$list();D0QIDnone(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl)));$list();$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESnone();T_EQ0();D0Eerrck(4;D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eerrck(3;D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons2(T_SMCLN();$list(D0Eerrck(2;D0Eift0(T_IF0();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDSYM(>))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(DIAGNOSTIC20_ERRVL))))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));d0exp_THEN(T_THEN();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())));d0exp_ELSE_some(T_ELSE();D0Eerrck(1;D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list();T_VAL(VLKval)))))));T_VAL(VLKval)))))))))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lsrc));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCnone0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCsome1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCfpath))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(fnm1));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic_make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(severity_warn$make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(range_of_loctn))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl";20))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));T_IN0()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(1564(line=56,offs=1)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Clocal0(T_LOCAL();$list(D0Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(D0FUNDCL(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain));$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostics)))),D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2ecl)))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESsome(S0EFFnone(T_CLN());S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(void))));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cthen0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Celse1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstatic))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cextern))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Clocal0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cabssort))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstacst0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2t2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csortdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sym1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2tx))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csexpdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2e2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cinclude))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(knd0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(gsrc))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(fopt))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclistopt))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvaldclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2valdclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvardclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2vardclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cfundclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2fundclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cimplmnt0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dimp))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tias))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sres))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_f2arglst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2exp))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cexcptcon))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2conlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cdatatype))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_s2cstlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1ecl_fpemsg))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone2))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: loc0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: dcl0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list(D0Cerrck(1;D0Cimplmnt0(T_IMPLMNT(IMPLfun);$list();$list();D0QIDnone(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl)));$list();$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESnone();T_EQ0();D0Eerrck(4;D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eerrck(3;D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons2(T_SMCLN();$list(D0Eerrck(2;D0Eift0(T_IF0();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDSYM(>))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(DIAGNOSTIC20_ERRVL))))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));d0exp_THEN(T_THEN();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())));d0exp_ELSE_some(T_ELSE();D0Eerrck(1;D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list();T_VAL(VLKval)))))));T_VAL(VLKval)))))))))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lsrc));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCnone0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCsome1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCfpath))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(fnm1));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic_make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(severity_warn$make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(range_of_loctn))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl";20))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));T_IN0()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(1564(line=56,offs=1)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Clocal0(T_LOCAL();$list(D0Cfundclst(T_FUN(FNKfn1);$list();$list(D0FUNDCL(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain));$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostics)))),D0Pannot(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0)));S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2ecl)))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESsome(S0EFFnone(T_CLN());S0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(void))));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cthen0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Celse1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcls))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstatic))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cextern))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Clocal0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs1))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcs2))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cabssort))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cstacst0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2t2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csortdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sym1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2tx))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Csexpdef))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2c1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2e2))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cinclude))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(knd0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(gsrc))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(fopt))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2eclistopt))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dopt))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvaldclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2valdclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cvardclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2vardclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2vs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cfundclst))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2fundclist))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2fs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cimplmnt0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tknd))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tqas))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dimp))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(tias))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(sres))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_f2arglst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(f2as))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2exp))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dexp))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cexcptcon))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2conlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cdatatype))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_s2cstlst))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(s2cs))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END())),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone0))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))))));T_EQGT();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1ecl_fpemsg))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d1cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cnone2))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl1))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl1))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(_))));T_EQGT();D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: loc0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(prerrsln))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl: auxmain: dcl0 = ";38))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn();$list();T_END()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list(D0Cerrck(1;D0Cimplmnt0(T_IMPLMNT(IMPLfun);$list();$list();D0QIDnone(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic20_d2ecl)));$list();$list(F0ARGdapp(D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))));S0RESnone();T_EQ0();D0Eerrck(4;D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcasp);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(node));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(D2Cerrck))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eerrck(3;D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(auxmain))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(out))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d2cl))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons2(T_SMCLN();$list(D0Eerrck(2;D0Eift0(T_IF0();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lvl))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDSYM(>))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(DIAGNOSTIC20_ERRVL))))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()));d0exp_THEN(T_THEN();D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())));d0exp_ELSE_some(T_ELSE();D0Eerrck(1;D0Elet0(T_LET();$list(D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(dcl0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lctn));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));$optn(T_IN0());$list();T_VAL(VLKval)))))));T_VAL(VLKval)))))))))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Ecas0(T_CASE(CSKcas0);D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(lsrc));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))));T_OF0();$optn(T_BAR());$list(D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCnone0))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("none";6)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCsome1))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(str)))),D0CLScls(D0GPTpat(D0Papps($list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(LCSRCfpath))),D0Plpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))));d0pat_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))));T_EQGT();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(path))),D0Edtsel(T_DOT();L0ABLsome(LABsym(fnm1));$optn(D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))))))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))),D0Cvaldclst(T_VAL(VLKval);$list(D0VALDCL(D0Pid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(d)));TEQD0EXPsome(T_EQ0();D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(diagnostic_make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(severity_warn$make))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list();d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Eapps($list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(range_of_loctn))),D0Elpar(T_LPAREN();$list(D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(loc0))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN())))),D0Estr(T0STRsome(T_STRN1_clsd("diagnostic20_d2ecl";20))),D0Eid0(I0DNTsome(T_IDALP(lsrc))));d0exp_RPAREN_cons0(T_RPAREN()))))),WTHS0EXPnone()))));T_IN0()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IN0())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IN0())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IN0())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IN0()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IN0()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IN0()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4193(line=137,offs=5)--4195(line=137,offs=7)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IN0()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(out))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(out))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(out))))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(out)))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(out)))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(out)))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4196(line=137,offs=8)--4199(line=137,offs=11)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(out)))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_DOT())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_DOT())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_DOT())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_DOT()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_DOT()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_DOT()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4199(line=137,offs=11)--4200(line=137,offs=12)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_DOT()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(push))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(push))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(push))))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(push)))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(push)))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(push)))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4200(line=137,offs=12)--4204(line=137,offs=16)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(push)))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_LPAREN())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_LPAREN())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_LPAREN())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4204(line=137,offs=16)--4205(line=137,offs=17)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(d))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(d))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(d))))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(d)))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(d)))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(d)))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4205(line=137,offs=17)--4206(line=137,offs=18)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(d)))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4206(line=137,offs=18)--4207(line=137,offs=19)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_END())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_END())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_END())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4212(line=138,offs=5)--4215(line=138,offs=8)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4215(line=138,offs=8)--4216(line=138,offs=9)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_BAR())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_BAR())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_BAR())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_BAR()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_BAR()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_BAR()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4219(line=139,offs=3)--4220(line=139,offs=4)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_BAR()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(_))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(_))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_IDALP(_))))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(_)))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(_)))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(_)))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4221(line=139,offs=5)--4222(line=139,offs=6)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_IDALP(_)))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_EQGT())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_EQGT())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_EQGT())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_EQGT()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_EQGT()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_EQGT()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4223(line=139,offs=7)--4225(line=139,offs=9)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_EQGT()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_LPAREN())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_LPAREN())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_LPAREN())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4226(line=139,offs=10)--4227(line=139,offs=11)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_LPAREN()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_RPAREN())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4227(line=139,offs=11)--4228(line=139,offs=12)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_RPAREN()))))))))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_END())))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_END())))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Ctkerr(T_END())))))))

PREADX0-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))
TREAD01-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))))

FPERR20-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))))))

FPERR30-ERROR:LCSRCsome1(src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats)@(4230(line=141,offs=1)--4233(line=141,offs=4)):D3Cerrck(1;D3Cnone1(D2Cerrck(1;D2Cnone1(D1Cerrck(1;D1Cnone1(D0Cerrck(1;D0Ctkskp(T_END()))))))))
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx103tnm/g' out/diagnostic20_decl_dats_out0.js > out/diagnostic20_decl_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/diagnostic20_dexp.dats > out/diagnostic20_dexp_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20_dexp.dats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx104tnm/g' out/diagnostic20_dexp_dats_out0.js > out/diagnostic20_dexp_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/diagnostic30.dats > out/diagnostic30_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic30.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx105tnm/g' out/diagnostic30_dats_out0.js > out/diagnostic30_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/diagnostic30_decl.dats > out/diagnostic30_decl_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic30_decl.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20_dexp.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx106tnm/g' out/diagnostic30_decl_dats_out0.js > out/diagnostic30_decl_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/diagnostic30_dexp.dats > out/diagnostic30_dexp_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic30_dexp.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx107tnm/g' out/diagnostic30_dexp_dats_out0.js > out/diagnostic30_dexp_dats_out1.js
\
node --stack-size=8192 ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/xats2js_jsemit00_ats2_opt1.js src/DATS/server.dats > out/server_dats_out0.js
// Welcome from ATS3/Xanadu!
// XATSHOME = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/fixity0.sats
// The fixity-defs loaded!
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/basics0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_xsetup0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/srcgen2_excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/INIT/prelude_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gbas002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gbas002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gdbg000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gcls000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gfun000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gseq002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gasz002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gmap001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gras000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/grasn00.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gsyn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/rand000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gint001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/strn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axrf001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/axsz001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/list002.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/optn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/excptn0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gnum000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gord000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gfun000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gcls000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gasz001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/gsyn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axrf000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/axsz000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/list001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/optn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/strm002_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
// The trans12-defs loaded!
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_XATS2JS_
xatsopt_flag$split: arg0 = --_SRCGEN2_XATS2JS_
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/server.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gbas000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gord000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gnum000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gseq000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/bool000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/char000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gint000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/gflt000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/arrn001.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/list000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/optn000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/strm000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/tupl000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/gseq000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/arrn001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/list000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/optn000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/strm001_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/synoug0_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/VT/tupl000_vt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/libcats.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/SATS/synoug0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/githwxi.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/SATS/unsafex.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/SATS/genv000.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlibext.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_jsemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xlibext_pyemit.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/DATS/xatsopt_tmplib.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xbasics.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xstamp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymbol.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xlabel0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xsymmap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/filpath.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/locinfo.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexing0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/lexbuf0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xfixity.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/gmacro1.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/staexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/statyp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp2.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/dynexp3.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/parsing.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/trans01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/preadx0.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread01.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/tread20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/fperr30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xatsopt.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/SATS/xglobal.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/lsp_bootstrap.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic10.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic20.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/diagnostic30.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/SATS/server.sats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/lsp_bootstrap.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20_decl.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic20_dexp.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic30.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic30_decl.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/DATS/diagnostic30_dexp.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_sats.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen2/HATS/xatsopt_dpre.hats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gbas000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gord000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gnum000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gseq000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gmap000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/axsz000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/list000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/optn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/strm000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/tupl000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/unsafex.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/gseq000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/arrn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/list000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/optn000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm000_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/strm001_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/VT/synoug0_vt.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/synoug0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/genv000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/f00path.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/g00iout.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/bool000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/char000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gint000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/gflt000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/strn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/arrn000.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_eqref.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/JS/g_print.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics1.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics2.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/prelude/DATS/CATS/PY/basics3.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/PY/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/libcats/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/libcats.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = /Users/qianchengfu/Projects/ATS-Xanadu/srcgen1/xatslib/githwxi/DATS/CATS/JS/NODE/basics0.dats
d0parsed_from_fpath: source = src/HATS/libxatsopt.hats
FPERR30_D3PARSED:
\
 \
sed -e 's/jsxtnm/jsx108tnm/g' out/server_dats_out0.js > out/server_dats_out1.js
\
printf "// %s\n" "`date`" > out/ats_lsp_out.js && \
cat ./xatshome/xassets/JS/xats2js/lib2xatsopt2js_ats3_opt1.js >> out/ats_lsp_out.js && \
cat lsp_bootstrap.js >> out/ats_lsp_out.js && \
cat  out/lsp_bootstrap_dats_out1.js  out/diagnostic20_dats_out1.js  out/diagnostic20_decl_dats_out1.js  out/diagnostic20_dexp_dats_out1.js  out/diagnostic30_dats_out1.js  out/diagnostic30_decl_dats_out1.js  out/diagnostic30_dexp_dats_out1.js  out/server_dats_out1.js >> out/ats_lsp_out.js
rm out/diagnostic30_dats_out0.js out/diagnostic20_decl_dats_out0.js out/lsp_bootstrap_dats_out0.js out/diagnostic30_decl_dats_out0.js out/diagnostic30_dexp_dats_out0.js out/diagnostic20_dats_out0.js out/server_dats_out0.js out/diagnostic20_dexp_dats_out0.js
